---
layout: post
title:  "Denver, CO to Shoshone National Forest"
date:   2018-07-08 11:01:13 -0400
categories: driving camping
location: Shoshone National Forest, Wyoming
hero-image: "https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1495933624430-639a9a9f2b1b?ixlib=rb-0.3.5&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjEyMDd9&s=6e1a3b1dea1669a568fb089359c54376&auto=format&fit=crop&w=2250&q=80"
hero-position: "top"
---
Today I left Denver, after a month of spending some much needed quality time with family. I had a wonderful time there, and may end up even moving out there, but I knew that it was time to move along with the trip. I was getting too comfortable. So today I left Denver and headed north.

The drive was fairly routine - glancing at the clock every 20 minutes or so, wondering if I’d be able to set up my tent while it was still light out. My goal was to make it to Grand Teton National Park, an 8 hour drive.

I started on I-25, also known as the Denver Deathtrap. The scenery evolved as I neared my destination. Winding roads, shallow canyons, hilly farmland, and the occasional mountain or mesa filled the landscape. As the sun began to set, I passed though the Shoshone National Forest - a true gem. I pressed on though, determined to make it to the Tetons.

At around 8 o’clock, nine hours after my departure, I arrived at a beautiful overlook in the heart of Grand Teton National park. The sun was just about to tuck away behind (what I presume were) the Grand Teton Mountains. This is when I realized I needed to speed up my campsite search. Realizing the visitors centers were probably closed, I decided to head back to one of the campgrounds in Shoshone.

On my first attempt at turning off for a camp site, I drove for about 15 minutes down a bumpy gravel side road. The sun continued to fade into the horizon as I jiggled along. In Shoshone, bear signs are more common than stop signs, and they served as a grim reminder of what my path could have in store. With no-one down this road, and only bear scat in sight, I turned around and headed for the next campsite. Man, I really could have used to speak to a park ranger at this point.

Luckily, the next campsite wasn’t too far from the main road and I was comfortable to settle in for the night. This one had plenty of RVs and nice people around to ward off the wild life. So I set up my tent and prepared for bed, successfully beating the encroaching darkness.

This was not without fail, however. After struggling to set up my tent - perhaps the exhaustion playing a role here - I realized that my tent had an interestingly sweet odor to it. I spent all day yesterday trying to purge any odor from my tent but it had (apparently) not worked. So I grabbed my pillow and setup inside my car. Realizing I still hadn’t paid for the site, I went to pay at the front. Of course, they charge a clever fee of $12. Carrying only a couple $20 bills, and with the campground “host” (who is about as useful as a honey-scented tent in bear country), I was forced to overpay for the sight by $8 bucks. Looks like I’ll be car camping at a free site tomorrow to spread out that ridiculous fee.

All in all a great day though. I got to cruise around with the top down, be worry-free (ish), and I even got to see a large herd of buffalo up close. Tomorrow I’ll have all day to plan for camping, so hopefully I’ll screw it up less.
