---
layout: post
title:  "Rockville, MD to Red River Gorge"
date:   2018-06-03 11:01:13 -0400
categories: driving camping
location: Red River Gorge, Kentucky
hero-image: "https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1495933624430-639a9a9f2b1b?ixlib=rb-0.3.5&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjEyMDd9&s=6e1a3b1dea1669a568fb089359c54376&auto=format&fit=crop&w=2250&q=80"
hero-position: "top"
---

Today marks the first day of my cross country road trip - and it's off to a great start! This morning, on the other hand, not so much. I woke up at 8 (I was planning on leaving at 8) and it was pouring down rain. Dino (the pug) was all snuggled in, and probably was not planning on moving for a few more hours. But I shook him and he perked up, and the day had officially begun.

Next was packing the car. I was up until 2 last night frantically trying to prepare (by frantically, I mean slowly gathering stuff together wishing I was in bed). The packing went surprisingly smoothly, and haven't forgotten anything yet (fingers crossed). Finally, at around noon, I was ready. I hugged Mom, Dad and Dino goodbye and hit the dusty trail.

Through the pouring rain, I trudged away in my Jeep. At some points the fog and rain were almost unbearable and I almost had to stop. Almost. But I pressed on, or at least as far as I could without either peeing or stopping for gas. With peanut butter and honey for lunch, some beef jerky and a succulent orange, life on the road tasted pretty good. The bread was dry though (How is a brand new loaf of bread dry..?).

As I approached my destination, my navigation had other ideas. Taking me through the strangest, most seemingly indirect backroads of Kentucky, I drove past many local folks that seemed pretty interested in an unfamilliar passerby. Not a gas station in sight. I wondered what it would be like if I ran out of gas here and had to interrupt a farm family's dinner to ask for the spare gas can (or an extra plate).

After 8 or 9 semi-long hours, I reached my destination - Miguel's Pizza at the Red River Gorge. Although it's a climber's only campground, I stayed here anyway - after all, who in their right mind would refuse a free $3. Tomorrow, I'm off to St. Louis or Kansas City or something. 